Initial job docs for PATh (#10)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/PATh/support_and_training/support/getting-help-from-RCFs.md

---
path:
  path: support_and_training/support/getting-help-from-RCFs.md
---

Email, Office Hours, and 1-1 Meetings 
====================================
 

*There are multiple ways to get help from PATh’s Research Computing Facilitators. Get in touch anytime!*

## Research Computing Facilitators

To help researchers effectively utilize computing resources, our
Research Computing Facilitators (RCFs) not only assist you in
implementing your computational work on PATh compute resources, but can
also point you to other services related to research computing and data
needs. For example, RCFs can:

- Assist with planning your computational approach for a research problem
- Teach you to submit jobs via the OSG Connect service
- Help you with troubleshooting on OSG systems
- Connect you with other researchers using similar software or methods
- Point to learning materials for programming and software development
- Help you identify applicable non-OSG data storage options
- Find someone who knows the answer to your question, even if the RCF doesn’t
- … and other helpful activities to facilitate your use of cyberinfrastructure

## Help via Email

> We provide ongoing support via email to support@osg-htc.org, and it’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide ongoing support via email to support@path-cc.io, and it’s
```

never a bad idea to start by sending questions or issues via email. You
can typically expect a first response within a few business hours.

## Virtual Office Hours

> Drop-in for live help, starting January 11, 2022!

Reviewer: or earlier? we could start doing this now...

Author: Why wait - I think we are ready

- Tuesdays, 4-5:30pm ET / 1-2:30pm PT
- Thursdays, 11:30am-1pm ET / 8:30-10am PT

You can find the URL to the Virtual Office Hours meeting room when you
log into a PATh access point, or in the signature of a support email
from an RCF.

Click [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd3K78Xx1Vo-KjqW_2y0YKcUMXrEsKXWk3I1Aww64RL22QpnQ/viewform) to sign-in for office hours, once you arrive in the room. 

## Make an Appointment

We are happy to arrange meetings outside of designated Office Hours, per

> your preference. Simply email us at support@osg-htc.org, and we will set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your preference. Simply email us at support@path-cc.io, and we will set
```
